Update coordinated-meetings.md (#9170)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/coordinated-meetings.md

| **Whiteboard default** | Determines whether the Teams Rooms device will display a whiteboard shared by one of the meeting participants. We recommend that you set this to `false` if you have a Surface Hub and `true` if you don't have one. This setting has no effect on Surface Hubs. Surface Hubs will always display a whiteboard shared by meeting participants.         |
| **Whiteboard enabled** | Determines whether participants in a meeting can toggle the whiteboard on or off. If you don't want participants to turn the whiteboard on or off on a device, set this to `false`. <p>If **Whiteboard default** is set to `true`, this setting is ignored and participants can turn the whiteboard on or off.

> | **Trusted accounts**   | This is a comma-separated list of UPNs for each Teams Room device or Surface Hub that the device should accept meeting join requests from, or to which meeting join requests should be sent. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Trusted accounts**   | This is a comma-separated list of UPNs for each Teams Rooms device or Surface Hub that the device should accept meeting join requests from, or to which meeting join requests should be sent. |
```

> | **Resources Account consideration**   | Determine how the secondary device's resource account settings should be set up to avoid it to be booked separately from the main Room System. |
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Resource account consideration**   | Determines how the secondary device's resource account settings should be set up to avoid it being booked separately from the main Teams Rooms system. |  
```
